???: [――Just like you, I am a complete failure of a girl.]

Aldebaran would never forget the somber expression upon the Witch’s visage as she spoke those words.

And so, he had thought.

Did even the Witch, with a face that seemed to know just about anything and everything concerning this world’s providence, with demeanor that seemed to disseminate the roots of knowledge through every nook and cranny of this world, who conducted herself with an air of understanding every aspect of the universe, did she too have moments in which she grieved her own powerlessness?

Witch: [Of course I do. If you would like an example, then your very existence… the very fact that you are currently like this, is proof that I was lacking, after all.]

Hearing that, Aldebaran’s feelings were complicated.

Within Aldebaran, this Witch was a great existence, and though he was loath to admit it, she was even a tremendous one. Although there were few to whom he could compare her, she was someone who always felt greater than any comparison.

For that Witch to consider herself a complete failure, was of no joy to him whatsoever.

Only, if the Witch had been bereft of such self-acknowledgement, her current relationship with Aldebaran would not exist. If the Witch had been in any position to not deem herself a complete failure――,

Witch: [Then, you and I would have simply remained in our rightful places. You are free to daydream about a future that did not unfold in such a manner, but unfortunately, you ended up being dealt the worst fate of all. Though I am sorry to say, it was rather fortuitous for myself.]

That deliberately wicked phrasing seemed to be an equal blend of the Witch’s humor and the Witch’s sincerity. As for which one it actually was, he could not tell.

After all, always boasting of her inability to comprehend the human heart, the Witch’s true feelings were unclear to even Aldebaran, who had been in her company for so long, leaving him with nothing to latch onto.

But, supposing the Witch’s words were correct, it was rather strange.

After all, even though the alignment of the stars was at its absolute worst for Aldebaran in his current circumstances, he did not consider his days with the Witch to be a misfortune.

Though certainly, with her putting him through the experience of being killed a million times under the guise of being a trial, calling him by a name he disliked even after objecting to it in disagreement, there was no doubt that these circumstances were far removed from any ordinary notion of happiness.

Witch: [To think you could find value in living alongside a complete failure of a Witch, you are truly a pitiful child.]

This was a complex muttering, containing both self-deprecation alongside a firm deprecation of the other party.

However, Aldebaran would not fail to hear the gentle timbre that could not be fully concealed therein.

Even if they were meager, even if they were easily lost in the mix, even if they were difficult to understand, earnest emotions did dwell within the Witch. Searching for evidence as a basis to believe that, was a pastime of Aldebaran’s.

In truth, he did not really know for sure. It might have just been a misunderstanding or a misconception.

What mattered was how Aldebaran felt; the Witch’s true intentions were her own to keep. ――What was the truth for Aldebaran, was for Aldebaran alone.

Witch: [The way you separate those things is remarkably reminiscent. As expected, the thing known as influence is not to be trifled with.]

Narrowing her black eyes, fiddling with her white bangs, thus spoke the Witch.

While simultaneously looking past Aldebaran to somebody else, and at herself reflected within Aldebaran’s irises, the Witch muttered those words reminiscently.

Influence, it was only natural for such a thing to exist. In birth, and in upbringing.

In Aldebaran, and in the Witch.

Failure, inadequacy, imperfection. ――Was that past of hers really so shameful for the Witch?

Was it a curse for him to think that thanks to it having turned out that way, his days with the Witch were able to continue?

If only one thing could be said, it was――,

Witch: [――Aldebaran.]

A reunion spanning a decade for Aldebaran, and stretching across four centuries for the other party, when the figure of the Witch―― nay, of the Witch of Greed, present amidst familiar scenery, was one that contradicted the complete failure she had spoken about back on that day, Aldebaran was overcome with unbearable feelings of loss and despair.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Fiddling with the metal fixtures of his black helmet, Aldebaran surveyed the situation.

Before his eyes, having used the almost divine colossal anchor of ice as a landmark, the lineup of personnel boldly squared off against Aldebaran.

The group opposing him was one centered around Filóre―― no, around Felt, so Aldebaran made no effort to question the meaning of them having assembled here.

Even without needing to ask, he understood. ――Roy and Heinkel had been defeated.

He could not imagine that even “Aldebaran” had been defeated, but since the Dragon had not hastened here, it seemed that it was being contained through some means.

On top of defeating the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, even if he may have been restricted with his Authority and with the “no-killing” rule, the fact that they had even devised a countermeasure for the Divine Dragon was quite honestly beyond Aldebaran’s imagination.

Just what sort of stratagem had they prepared; he would likely not get an answer even if he asked, but――,

×　　×　　×

――Two-hundred and forty-six.

Aldebaran: [――No matter how you slice it, a Witch Factor’s just way too far for your resolve, Lil’ Miss Petra.]

???: [――Hk.]

At Aldebaran’s straightforward remark, an air of tension ran through Felt’s group.

The one whose cheeks had stiffened the most was naturally Petra, given that her name had been called out. From their perspective, Petra’s Authority was their trump card, something that was supposed to have been top secret.

In fact, that policy had been firmly shared by all their personnel.

Yet, even the most iron of hearts could not remain unfazed before an unforeseen stab.

In response to Aldebaran’s questions, everyone had kept up appearances, but through even the slightest shifts in gaze or attention, he would just keep testing over and over again, relentlessly probing in those directions. As a result, by pursuing the minute differences in their reactions, Aldebaran had arrived at the answer he desired, standing steadfast before him. ――Though, he had been considerably shocked when it turned out to be Petra, who had taken in a Witch Factor.

Aldebaran: [In the first place, I predicted that when either Lil’ Miss Petra or Lil’ Miss Meili read that, they’d be completely incapable of returning to the front lines.]

Having sealed Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice away at the Pleiades Watchtower, and after getting Garfiel and Ezzo out of the way, Aldebaran had let Petra and Meili go without any harm.

Not only was that because there had been no need to eliminate them, it was a stratagem in anticipation of what was to follow.

In order to keep Reinhard contained, it had been absolutely necessary to manifest the Witch of Envy.

As the trigger for that, Aldebaran had selected Petra and Meili as the candidates to read Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead. In reality, the intrusion of the Witch of Envy had granted Aldebaran a way out from his prolonged fight against Reinhard, successfully eliminating the greatest obstacle to his plan.

However――,

Aldebaran: […Even though reading anyone’s book usually has a high chance of causing a mental breakdown, to think she was able to endure reading Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead.]

A precedent, did exist. ――Aldebaran happened to know that all too well, but even so, the reason he did not believe that anyone could accomplish that same feat was due to the absolute nature of Death.

The Book of the Dead belonging to Natsuki Subaru was a special-grade cursed object that, depending on the situation, could be used as a trump card to defeat a higher-level opponent. It was highly unlikely that there were many who could face it without having their hearts shattered.

Aldebaran: […Or rather, I’ve got a bad habit of underestimating others.]

Regardless of what Aldebaran thought, it was a matter of fact that Petra was now standing here.

Not only had she avoided having her heart shattered by the impact of reading the Book of the Dead, she had even gone so far as to perform the outrageous act of housing a Witch Factor within herself. In all likelihood, the experience of reading the Book of the Dead had led Petra to doing so.

???: [――There is nobody who can defeat you, you whom I created.]

Flashing through the back of his mind, those words of the Witch were intended to rouse Aldebaran’s spirits, never to fill him with arrogance or cause him to stumble.

If he got that mixed up, Aldebaran would lose the Witch for good this time. ――This time for good, he would lose the Witch who, reduced to the Witch of Greed, had lost the heart she had certainly once possessed.

Aldebaran: [――In the end, I guess I just can’t leave fate in the hands of others.]

Suppressing the sentimentality gripping his heart with deep breaths, Aldebaran faced forward.

The enemy was strong, the obstacles many, he was bereft of allies, with nothing to be proud of―― even so, he decided to proceed.

That instant――,

???: [――ORAHHHHH!!]

――Ablaze with rage, the stout fist of the golden tiger furiously drove into Aldebaran’s head.

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddah, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never partake in celebrations.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Sixty-one people in total.

After the conclusion against Roy Alphard of Gluttony, that was what composed the Aldebusters―― the combined strength of the Emilia Camp and the Felt Camp, reorganized for the final battle against Al.

Right after that fierce battle had ended, when the team was reorganized without taking a moment to breathe, Petra could not help but feel gratitude and admiration that so many still chose to remain. However, that was by no means condemning those who did not accompany the reorganized team.

???: [After all, neither Otto nor Meili can be pushed any further than that.]

Just as the Imaginary Subaru said, for Otto and Meili―― both individuals who had served as deciding factors in the clash against Gluttony, withdrawing from the front lines was necessary; it was only natural for Otto, whose Memories had been eaten, and Meili, who had vehemently exhausted herself by overworking her Divine Protection to detain the Black Serpent.

And it was not just them. Roy’s trump card, unveiled in the eleventh hour, using the Authority of Gluttony to force them to relive pains of the past, had abraded some of their minds to the limit. Unlike wounds to the body, abrasions to the heart could not be easily restored even with Petra’s Compression. But then again, Meili had still continued to insist that her recovery time be Compressed so that she could return to the front lines, but――,

Petra: [If you took out an advance payment on your life, Subaru wouldn’t be too happy, you know?]

And so, persuaded by Petra, Meili had reluctantly, truly so very reluctantly, accepted her withdrawal from the battlefield.

To be honest, Petra’s maiden circuitry felt a subtle discomfort upon witnessing Meili’s attitude in response to a persuasion that cited Subaru, but since it was the result of her own actions, she did not speak much of it.

Moreover, she also had the duty of keeping an eye out for the Black Serpent that had been summoned by Gluttony, having vanished after combat had concluded. Petra felt apologetic that she was unable to grant her a complete rest.

“Subaru”: [We’ve got no choice but to have the capable ones to fill in where they can. With that said, there’re still some crazy guys who’ll rush into the most high-risk situations even without their memories.]

Petra: [It’s incredible, isn’t it? You can’t help but think that Otto-san’s that way, even without his memories.]

“Subaru”: [I guess it’s just his innate disposition? He might be a risk junkie.]

If the person in question were to hear that remark, whether he had memories or not, he would likely retort in a deeply emotional tone, “Could you please refrain from saying such disreputable things about me!?”; but, there was no avoiding him being thought of in such a manner.

Either way, Gluttony had firmly weakened their precious fighting strength, limiting the cards in their hand for the climax. She was glad for Garfiel’s return, but the fact that they could not devote the entirety of their forces to Emilia and Rem was regrettable for both Petra and “Subaru”.

But, even so――,

Petra: [――We’re going to win, Subaru.]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, let’s go and win. After all, we can’t let everything we’ve built up to this point be for nothing.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never speak of my dreams to another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――In the end, I guess I just can’t leave fate in the hands of others.]

An offhanded remark, yet with a tone carrying resolve, that which was spoken by Al had served as the signal.

Garfiel: [――ORAHHHHH!!]

With the raging Garfiel at the vanguard, the Aldebusters simultaneously sprung into action.

Keeping her eyes trained over those movements, Petra grasped her hands tightly over her chest.

――With the ice anchor Emilia had fired as a landmark, Petra had Compressed the distance to the current location with the Aldebusters in tow, barring Al’s path once more.

In all honesty, the fact that Emilia and Rem were not present, and the fact that the kunoichi assigned to accompany Al, who had unexpectedly been carried off with him, was nowhere to be found was certainly a cause for concern, but,

“Subaru”: [――Al’s side has no reason to lift their no-killing restriction.]

Using that as reassurance, perhaps that was placing a bit too much hope in their opponent’s abilities and convictions.

But, when considering Al’s fighting style with his Authority of “Turning Back Time” until this point, that was the foundation. Since his Authority was far too strong, in a sense, Al had gotten away with being underestimated by his opponents up until now.

And that premise, even now that his allies had been stripped away from him, ultimately would not change.

Garfiel: [Gahguh-!]

Having rushed straight ahead without any preparatory movements, Garfiel raised his voice in pain.

The reason for this was his collision into a stone slab that had suddenly appeared along his trajectory. Having slammed his face into the stone slab that had preempted his initial strike, Garfiel’s body rolled over mid-air. And slipping past from underneath Garfiel, Al moved to intercept the fighting strength which followed after the golden tiger.

Coming after him was the trio of Ram, Flam, and Grassis.

“Subaru”: [Oddly enough, it’s the pink-haired sisters! Well then, how’s it gonna go!?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Thirty-seven.

Intercepting Garfiel’s rush with a stone slab, he slipped underneath as the former reeled backwards.

The timing had been unexpectedly tight. If the stone slab was deployed too early, it would have been easily pulverized, and deploying it too late would allow Garfiel to pass right by it. Perfecting the necessary timing to strike him in the face, he put it into practice.

Garfiel: [Gahguh-!]

Hearing the cry of pain behind him, Aldebaran charged forward as three shadows swooped down upon him.

He was flanked on his left and right by Flam and her sister, in sync with Ram who came at him from an upward diagonal. He could expect that sort of high precision coordination between twins, but Ram’s ability to match them on first sight highlighted the abnormality of this teamup.

Thereupon――,

Aldebaran: [Lil’ Miss Rem was crushed flat at those cliffs back there.]

Ram: [She wasn’t. Do not underestimate Ram and Rem’s sisterly love.]

Neutralized by the sisters’ synesthesia, the venom in his words failed to exhibit any effectiveness.

Given her lack of discomposure, there was likely no falsehood in Ram’s statement. Inferring how that signified Rem’s safety, as well as the unknown fate of Yae, it merely ended up serving as venom against himself.

However――,

Aldebaran: [――Earth Brand Arts.]

Using the Mana coming to him via his pathway with the Dragon, Aldebaran surrounded himself with swords of stone. In order to avoid the tips of the swords shooting up from the ground one after another, the twins deftly maneuvered their bodies to perform evasions, yielding a momentary delay that shifted their three-way coordination into a solo-attack from Ram.

With Ram singled out, he grabbed one of his stone daos and thrust it toward her head-on――,

Ram: [That’s fine. I’ll be borrowing it.]

Having scooped up his sword with wind magic, Ram slammed it right into the side of his jaw.

×　　×　　×

――Ninety-one.

Ram: [That’s fine. I’ll―― not be borrowing it.]

Declaring so, Ram allowed the stone sword she had pulled toward her with wind to pass by, brittly crumbling as it flew past her; as she had failed to take the sword, Aldebaran delivered a blow unto her.

Ram parried that blow with wind from her wand, skillfully controlling the wind  currents to build air pressure and push past the clash of blades. Grabbing her leg with a stone prosthetic, he hurled her behind him while being bombarded by an onslaught of wind blades.

Ram: [――Hk.]

Leaving Ram gritting her teeth behind him, Aldebaran pressed onward, and the delayed sisters of Flam and Grassis swooped down on him once more.

Readying himself for their approaching agility that could not be underestimated on account of their youth, Aldebaran spread out his real right arm and artificial left arm, and roused a surging wave of sand to clear away everything in the one-hundred and eighty degree field of view in front of him.

The girls were engulfed by the billowing sand, becoming encaged within the ground――,

???: [――Warrior ta Yin Six! Magician ta Wind Five! King ta Flowers Eight!]

A surging force abruptly slammed into him from the front, plunging him into the sea of swords he had forged behind himself.

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and twelve.

???: [――Warrior ta Yin Six! Magician ta Wind Five! King ta Flowers Eight!]

As soon heard it, he forcibly closed in his outstretched arms, fixing the muzzle of the wave of sand directly in front of him―― the large bearded man who appeared there a beat later basked in the billowing wave, ending up in the same predicament as Flam and Grassis.

Thereby averting that misfortune, Aldebaran would attempt to overcome the enemies as he jumped out diagonally――,

???: [UL GOA!!]

Still in his mid-air leap, he was struck by an unavoidable fastball of flame, scorching his insides.

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and forty-six.

???: [UL GOA!!]

After trapping the twins and the large man in sand, he deliberately delayed his advance in response to the approaching fireball. Instead, what ended up basking in the inferno was a poorly made clay doll that Aldebaran had manifested in the spur of the moment―― a poor knockoff of the magic Emilia had used to recreate Natsuki Subaru with ice.

The fireball aimed to strike Aldebaran’s head as he leaped forward, so amidst a combat requiring split-second decisions, it was easily baited by the poorly made earthen doll.

???: [Wha!?]

The skinny man who had casted the spell, with his mean-looking eyes and tongue piercing, gasped at Aldebaran’s countermeasure.

So long as he was not an expert magician, he would not be able to unleash Ul-tier magic in rapid succession. Flipping up his artificial middle finger to that expression of shock, Aldebaran moved to advance even further this time――,

???: [――Fire!!]

From an oblique trajectory behind him, a light was fired as a shock wave that speared through Aldebaran’s back; the luminosity of the corona that seemed to scorch the world painted even his consciousness white.

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and forty-seven.

???: [――Fire!!]

Turning to face the direction of the gallant war cry, Aldebaran recognized the identity of the perpetrator as Felt, baring her high canines in a valiant expression, in her grasp the magic staff that sourced the beam of light.

That was the Meteor known as the Star Staff, something the Witch had once used during her lifetime to make even the Divine Dragon cry; in other words, it was one of his mentor’s loose ends.

Aldebaran: [For Teacher to be getting in my way here, what kinda damn bug is this?]

At the untiring challenge that would stretch endlessly on ahead, at the wall he would have no choice but surmount at all costs, and at the fact that it was something originating from none other than the very Witch who had guided Aldebaran’s path, a tinge of melancholy burgeoned in his heart.

As Aldebaran contemplated, the white light mercilessly engulfed him once again.

Well then――,

×　　×　　×

――One-hundred and forty-eight.

Felt: [――Fire!!]

――The approach of this white light, just how on earth could it be conquered?

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never bestow a gift upon another.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――The Authority of Tristitia, just what exactly is that power capable of?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never wave at anyone.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――It can’t just be a simple warp. There’s no way it’s just that, it’s an Authority.]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never pray before going to sleep.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――It ought to be manifesting some sort of concept. Right? Tristitia, Tristitia, huh?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never comfort the wounds of another.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Feeling blue, a downer, cloudy skies, depression, feeling crushed… Crushed?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never find joy in a clear sky.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――Is it crushing? Things like intervals and distances? No, it’s not just those things being crushed, is it?]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never lament a rainy day.

×　　×　　×

Aldebaran: [――It’s crushing and filling in the insufficient time for thinking, isn’t it? But, Witch Factors aren’t…]

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never gaze upon a rainbow in the company of another.

△▼△▼△▼△

Aldebaran: [――Witch Factors aren’t anything so convenient, now are they?]

That instant, hearing Al’s words as he broke through the encirclement of the Aldebusters to finally stand right before her, a chill ran down Petra’s spine.

She was unable to actually see Al’s eyes, concealed by his steel helmet.. ――Yet, their eyes did meet. That sensation made Petra feel as if her innermost thoughts had been laid bare, a sense of urgency gripping her heart.

It seemed to be exclaiming that somehow, Al possessed a deeper knowledge of the Witch Factor than even Petra.

“Subaru”: [Petra!!]

???: [――Witch ta Flowers Eight!!]

Petra: [――Hk.]

As the command of the cornered husky voice overlapped with the cry of her beloved within her mind, Petra performed Compression on the hesitation that had sprouted within herself, before distancing herself from Al to escape his clutch―― that entire process was Compressed, separating them in an instant.

Aldebaran: [Oi oi, so you can even crush space for yourself…!]

Petra turned to look back, having vanished from right before Al’s eyes, and watched as he clicked his tongue at his failure to catch her.

As Al’s shoulders heaved up and down, his distance from Petra had been set back to square one. Between the two of them as they glared at each other, the Aldebusters, whom Al had exhausted all his efforts to overcome, rose to their feet. In order to reach Petra once again, he would have no choice but to surmount the same hurdles.

However, Petra did not feel as though she had bested him in the slightest.

“Subaru”: [Petra, what Al just said a minute ago…]

Petra: [I know… He really is resetting.]

Hearing the words of the Imaginary Subaru as he floated beside her, Petra narrowed her eyes and gave a nod.

It was not as if she had really been doubting it up to this point, but after witnessing Al’s “Turning Back Time” firsthand, she could not help but feel astonished by how extraordinary it was.

Garfiel’s preemptive strike; the coordinated onslaught of Ram, Flam, and Grassis; the three-pronged enclosure by way of Compression consisting of Gaston, Rachins, and Felt; the obstruction of fifty people mobilized in accordance with Rom-jii’s orders: Al had flawlessly dealt with it all.

He had surmounted all of that with nothing but the most optimal of solutions.

“Subaru”: [Though, our compression of thoughts should be able to produce similar results…]

Petra: [That’s just thinking as hard as possible in order to come up with the right answer. As expected, it’s a bit different from the powers that Subaru and Al-san hold.]

“Subaru”: […If that’s true, I guess I should be this strong, too.]

Scratching his head, “Subaru” lamented his worthlessness. But, Petra did not see it the same way.

Subaru, in his own Subaru way, had confronted his own Authority head-on, and holding tight to the many that ought to have been lost, he had saved Petra and the others. There was not a single shred of worthlessness about him.

And on the other hand to that line of thought――,

Petra: […How many times did you need to restart before you got the chance to reach your hand out towards me?]

As far as Petra was aware, Al’s strength as a warrior was modest―― that was to say, it fell far short of the likes of Ram and Garfiel, on a level that could not even contend with Heinkel. Nevertheless, Al had made sport of the Aldebusters all by himself, and was on the verge of putting them into checkmate.

“Subaru”: [Not even just ten, he might already be on his twentieth try.]

Petra: […I think it might be a bit more.]

Hearing “Subaru’s” naive estimation, Petra anticipated the possibility that it would have actually been ten or twenty times that.

In fact, supposing it was Petra in the position of needing to outmaneuver the Aldebusters, even if she had an Authority that allowed her knowledge of upcoming developments, she was not confident that she would be able to clear it in even a hundred attempts. Not to mention, Al had also managed to sidestep Reinhard, even if he had also needed to borrow the Dragon’s strength to do so.

In order to accomplish such a feat, just how much of one’s heart would one need to kill?

If Al’s “Turning Back Time” was truly what Petra and “Subaru” envisioned, if it was truly a power that came at the cost of Death like Natsuki Subaru’s, then standing there was a dreadful Warlock, masquerading in frivolity.

Al had already conquered the fear and loss of Death―― no, there existed no human capable of conquering that. If it had to be said, it was not conquest, but numbness.

A being who had gone numb to even the instinct of all living things to fear and distance oneself from Death―― that was the secret behind Al’s strength, and what was tied to his absolute nature as a Warlock.

In order to surpass that absoluteness, she too would have no choice but to pay a worthy compensation.

“Subaru”: [――Petra.]

Petra: [It’s alright, Subaru… I’ll be alright.]

He was a being who existed only within her mind.

Only to the Imaginary Subaru, and him alone, had Petra’s secret been revealed; one that had neither been disclosed to any of the Aldebusters, nor to any members of the Emilia Camp.

It was something that the Warlock before her, deeply knowledgeable about Witch Factors as he was, had said to her.

――Upon the one who styled herself the Witch of Tristitia, the likes of a convenient fate smiled not.

Petra: [Even so, something like that isn’t any reason for me to stop.]

Deceiving even herself in such a manner, Petra Leyte―― the Witch of Tristitia, exercised her Authority.

In exchange for interfering with the rules of the world, the existence known as herself was relinquishing its future; no matter how precious and irreplaceable that future was, the newly-birthed Witch did not hesitate whatsoever.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Seven-thousand and eleven.

Petra: [Even so, something like that isn’t any reason for me to stop.]

Seeing Petra’s lips spin those words from afar, Aldebaran could not help but take his hat off. He did not go so far as to actually remove his helmet, but it was to the point that he wanted to do so.

After all, was that not so?

Aldebaran: […Truly, Natsuki Subaru’s one unforgivable guy.]

Grinding his teeth, Aldebaran, in his clash against the Combined Forces―― it seemed like they called themselves the “Aldebusters”. He liked the flair. Though, he did not wish to consider its origin.

Anyway, in his clash against the Aldebusters until this point, he had uncovered that Petra had taken in the Witch Factor of Tristitia, along with the majority of specifics of how its Authority functioned.

As with any battle, it was essential to gather as much accurate information about the opponent as possible.

This was especially true in battles against Sin Archbishops or Witches, and it was often the case that if one confronted such an opponent without a grasp what sort of Authority they were up against, it tended to end in a one-sided killing. ――The ability to overcome being killed in the first encounter was an advantage possessed by both Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru.

Putting that advantage on full display, Aldebaran had grasped the Authority of Tristitia; it was quite the ridiculous ability. The power to crush―― to Compress space and time, was utterly unrivaled in its adaptability and irksome nature.

To top it all off, it seemed like this Authority was also capable of performing Compression on thoughts, so even within a single second of combat, they were able to think things through thoroughly, and pounce at him one after another with conclusions honed to a razor’s edge. Even with Aldebaran’s Territory, it was a difficult problem that could not be easily solved.

In fact, in order for him to just slip past a mere eleven seconds of combat, he had needed seven-thousand retries.

And yet, even after enduring all that, he had failed to catch ever-important Petra. ――Now that the same amount of distance had been opened between them, it would likely take the same, or an even greater number of attempts to reach her again.

Aldebaran: [Be that as it may, Valga’s affinity with the Authority of Tristitia is just the worst…]

Among the members of the Aldebusters, the figure of Valga Cromwell, who had given him a thorough amount of torment, was present.

While not making any use of the large build he had been blessed with, the resourceful monster had been granted an unlimited amount of time to think freely, allowing him to overwhelm Aldebaran by finding the most optimal solutions.

It was a nightmarish combination, one akin to arming a gorilla with a machine gun. [1]

If Aldebaran were to dance in the palm of Valga’s hand, there was a risk that he could suffer a complete defeat once again. Hence, even if he managed to rob them of their time for thinking, he would not be granted many opportunities for trial and error.

Not to mention, it was not Aldebaran’s intention to keep allowing them to use the Authority of Tristitia.

That was because――,

???: [――The Witch Factor of Tristitia is a defective article. It is a one-of-a-kind Factor that was prepared for the Valiant, so it is not capable of compatibility with any other. From a different angle, however, it could be said that it is compatible with anyone who is willing to pay the compensation, but humans are creatures who can sell off far too much in exchange for their resolve.]

Information about the Witch Factor of Tristitia, told to him by the Witch in the past.

Perhaps because she had many reservations on the topic, the Witch had not been very eager to divulge much concerning the two Witch Factors that ought to be classified as supernumerary, but after running out of patience, her explanations had been surprisingly loquacious.

To make a mostly-irrelevant long story short, the main points were as follows:

――The Witch Factor of Tristitia, would invoke its Authority in exchange for the holder’s will.

――The compensation used by the Witch Factor of Tristitia, could only be paid by the holder.

Aldebaran: [――Natsuki Subaru.]

When his thoughts arrived at that point, Aldebaran once again felt his indignation surge towards Natsuki Subaru.

Of course, Aldebaran did not blind himself to the fact that his own plan of having Petra read the Book of the Dead had played a role in the events that led her to take in the Witch Factor of Tristitia. But, if it was Aldebaran who had created the impetus, then it was Natsuki Subaru who carried a significant portion of the responsibility.

Considering the relationship between Aldebaran and Natsuki Subaru, saying that much was only natural.

The large shadow that hung over Petra’s life was something that had originated from Natsuki Subaru. Aldebaran would not say that he had harbored malicious intent, nor did he believe that to be the case, but the influence he had over her went without saying. And not limited to just Petra, it could be said that he had exhibited a certain fateful power over even the Aldebusters―― no, over many scenarios even preceding this battle. [――Co] Regardless, it was a bit ironic to call it a fateful power. After all, even though it was none other than Natsuki Subaru and Aldebaran who despised fate the most, [――m] it would have been no exaggeration to say that their actions were what decided fate. [――p] Upon thinking that, what flashed through Aldebaran’s mind were the words of the woman of such brilliant crimson. Back then, [――re] the words of praise she had spoken to him in their final time together, were attempting to scorch Aldebaran’s heart. Deliberately, he averted his gaze, and plugged his ears. [――ss] At this stage, it was far too late for him to reflect on his own actions. That which now sustained Aldebaran was not she whom he had lost, but the Oath he had sworn to his Teacher. [――A] The purpose for which Aldebaran had been born, that which he had been made into Aldebaran to accomplish, the culmination of all that was now being put to the test. For that reason, he had not the time to halt his tracks and think―― wait, wait wait wait. Isn’t this too long? Just a moment’s pause, a chance to take a deep breath before the battle resumed. [――go] That’s what it ought to have been. His opponents did not wish to allow him any breathers. He also did not want to grant his opponents much time. [――n] Even though they should have been at such a consensus, how could Aldebaran be engaging in such deep thought―― [――y].

Shit. This is strange. What is this? What did she say? Far in the distance, he could tell that Petra had moved her lips. One syllable at a time, he would pick up the sound those lips had weaved. Everything that had been thrown in while he was thinking, he picked it all up, and collected it together. Slow. Sluggish. Far too laggard. Collect the meaning, collect the significance, collect the intent. ――. ――――. ――――. It was no use. He could not silence his thoughts. He would just have to think. “Compress”? Crushing, huh? Crushing, what exactly? “Agony”?  Pain? Anguish? Suffering… suffering? Concerns, thoughts, unraveling. Fuck, she got me. They’ve been Compressed.

――My thoughts, they’ve been Compressed!!

△▼△▼△▼△

――God, Buddha, Od Lagna. For as long as I live, I hereby vow to never divulge this important secret.

△▼△▼△▼△

Petra: [――Compress Agony.]

A Compression of thoughts by way of the Authority of Tristitia―― a powerful buff effect consisting of speeding up her allies’ thoughts, omitting any need for discussion, and allowing them to take the most optimal measures after thorough consideration from everyone; conferring that unto Al was one of the countermeasures Petra had prepared against him.

Petra: [When you have too many things to think about, your head will get punctured.]

While it might have been presumptuous, Petra prided herself on being the third most knowledgeable in the world about the “Turning Back Time” of Return by Death, just behind Subaru and Al.

Petra had acquired that scholarship from the vicarious experience of the Death tasted by Subaru, so she had discovered a way to nullify―― no, to overheat the seemingly invincible Authority of Al.

That being, to overload his mind with accelerated thoughts.

In the past, when the Royal Selection had first commenced, Subaru had gotten into a fight and parted with Emilia in the Royal Capital, and the large amount of stress and mental burden that came as a result had worn down his heart.

Inadvertently, Rem’s devotion and his anger toward the Sin Archbishop had given him the chance to get back on his feet, but it was a fact that he had lost his will to fight, ending up as an empty husk, even if only temporarily. ――She would recreate that effect.

Since Al had already gone numb to the fear of Death, it was likely that he would not lose heart no matter how many Deaths he accreted.

Nonetheless, even if he had decided to make an enemy of the world, Al was still human.

Rifts would form in his mind, and he would be unable to avoid having it come apart at the seams. She would make it so.

For that purpose, no matter what she needed to give up in exchange――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

While tormented by the acceleration of thoughts, Al could be heard silently voicing those words.

His mind might have been under a high burden, but this situation was still a double-edged sword. The odds were even; either Al’s heart would give out from extreme exhaustion, or he would make full use of the Compression of his mind like the Aldebusters to fend off Petra and the others.

Hence, the battle from this point onward was do-or-die for the Aldebusters in the truest sense――,

Petra: [――Everyone! It’s only just getting started! Don’t lose focus!]

Everyone: [――YEAHH!!]

At Petra’s encouragement, her allies whose interactions had been Compressed cheered in response.

Finding that to be reliable, she was about to look out over the decisive battle against Al starting from square one―― then she noticed.

Among those who had just given her that reassuring response, there was someone whose voice she had not heard.

It was possible that they had just missed the timing. But, feeling a peculiar sense of discomfort in that, Petra glanced over in that direction, searching for the figure of the person who had given no response.

And then, she found him.

Petra: [――Rom-ojiisan?]

She found the figure of the Great Strategist who had given no response, the old giant who bore the duty of observing the battlefield and giving timely and accurate commands, his eyes having gone white as he slowly collapsed onto the ground.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Let us rewind the clock to mere moments prior.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Indeed, upon hearing Aldebaran declare those words, a tremor ran through Rom-jii’s large shoulders.

Upon bearing witness to the sight of Aldebaran standing still before the Combined Forces, Rom-jii felt an unnatural discomposure settle within him, causing him to stiffen as he motionlessly widened his eyes.

Rom-jii was well aware of Petra’s stratagem that applied the Authority of Tristitia.

Her strategy revolved around accelerating Aldebaran’s thoughts, placing a burden on his mind to fully exhaust him in one fell swoop. Rom-jii had also deemed it a necessary step in order to take down Aldebaran, given his ability to perform something akin to “Turning Back Time”, and thus he had promised to cooperate with it.

He had harbored some apprehensions towards speeding up Aldebaran’s thoughts, but since they were also Compressing their own thoughts to arrive at the best possible answers, he accepted that it would just boil down to their overall strength. If that was their course of action, Rom-jii also felt like he could lend his own strength.

And as it so happened, the battle against Aldebaran had gone just about exactly how Rom-jii had expected it to.

His comrades mobilized quickly, and successfully managed to drive Aldebaran into a corner. ――But, much to the shock of Rom-jii, his discomposure would commence from that moment onward.

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

Indeed, as Aldebaran declared so, Rom-jii’s position shifted in an instant. ――No, it was not only Rom-jii whose position had shifted; the positions of Aldebaran, Felt, and everyone else participating in the battle returned to where they had stood a mere ten-odd seconds prior, and recommenced from there.

And, Rom-jii had already experienced that same phenomenon five times now――,

Rom: [――What in tarnation, is this situation?]

Craning his neck all around, Rom-jii gathered that he was amidst the same scenery he had witnessed five times now, and wrung those words out in a solemn tone.

Nobody other than Rom-jii had noticed the abnormality of this situation.

Petra: [――Everyone! It’s only just getting started! Don’t lose focus!]

Everyone: [――YEAHH!!]

As proof of that, everyone other than Rom-jii responded to Petra’s rousing voice of leadership.

Then, they all faced Aldebaran, and sprung at him in unison.

Felt: [Rom-jii! Give us orders!]

Failing to notice his discomposure, Felt searched for a position to attack from with Star Staff in hand. The allies other than Felt who also possessed techniques that could serve as the deciding factor were also running while awaiting Rom-jii’s commands.

Watching their backs, Rom-jii gulped down his bitter saliva, and shouted out commands differing to the ones from just before――,

Aldebaran: [――Expand Territory, Matrix Redefinition.]

――Now for the sixth time, the final battle against Aldebaran commenced.

 

Translation Note:

[1] – 鬼に金棒めいた is a Japanese idiom along the lines of “Giving a metal bat to an Oni”. Essentially saying to make a strong thing even stronger. I have used all of my brainpower to generate an English equivalent to capture this sentiment. As some of you might know, this text is Japanese, and Japanese I can handle just fine. But Japanese with cultural specific idioms is like a chimp with a machine gun!
