――Right from the very beginning, there was only ever one ending that the Witch of Tristitia, Petra Leyte, had needed to aim for, strive towards, and ultimately arrive at.

That was from before she had ever become the Witch of Tristitia, from back when Petra Leyte, a mere village girl, had ended up reading the outrageous artifact that was Natsuki Subaru’s Book of the Dead.

From back when she had first learned that Natsuki Subaru, in exchange for his own Death, had been fighting in a constant struggle in order to alter the fates of countless people.

From back when she had first fallen in love with Natsuki Subaru through their ordinary, quiet days together, discovering what brought him joy, what made him grieve, and what caused him to feel happiness and sorrow.

――Taking all those varied reasons, gathering them together, bundling them up, and collecting them all into one, she had made her decision.

Petra: [Because no matter what, Subaru still wants to do something about Al-san, right?]

Honestly, from Petra's point of view, it was an unthinkable idea.

If one were to count up all the things Al had done, it would not be enough even after using all the digits on both hands and feet, so one would have to go as far as to use the Unseen Hand to enumerate what was left.

To that extent, Al had done enough irreversible things to fill a mountain. ――But even so, she did not believe that at his heart, Al was a villain who did it all while scorning everything.

Petra: [I wonder, is this the influence of being corrupted by Subaru's book…]

It felt wrong to say it herself, but Petra was a realist, and the extent of what she could handle was limited. Rather than just limited, it was more accurate to say she purposefully limited herself.

After all, if she were to use her abilities to their fullest extent, her vessel would have been capable of carrying an extraordinary amount of things, a fact which Petra took great pride in. She was not ashamed of this.

However, she did not believe that she would be able to treasure everything that she could cram into it.

And yet――,

Petra: [Subaru's greediness…]

But, that's what I like about him. ――That's wrong. It’s part of what I like about him.

And so, because that Natsuki Subaru could not be changed, Petra Leyte would do it.

It was a decision so painful it felt like she was being cut to the bone, or her heart was being torn apart mercilessly.

――By forcing Natsuki Subaru to Return By Death, she would reset everything that had happened.

From the moment that she made the decision to leave the Pleiades Watchtower and journey alongside the Imaginary Subaru, Petra Leyte had been forging ahead towards this ending.

She firmly insisted on taking possession of the Witch Factor of Tristitia, and took most of the costs from using the Authority upon herself. With all of the information at her disposal, she did not hesitate to play every card in her hand, thereby plotting the course for the Aldebusters.

Petra: [If reading the book is what caused the Witch of Envy to rampage―― well, that's also something that can be used, right?]

Ever since the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Roy Alphard, was taken away from the prison tower, Petra had a question about his Authority. ――If the Memories of Petra reading the Book of the Dead were to be dispossessed, what would be the verdict of the Witch of Envy?

She had also wondered whether this was part of Al's plan to banish the Witch of Envy, since he had claimed he did not wish to destroy the world.

That was why, when Roy Alphard was defeated by the combined might of the Aldebusters, and had been tied up whilst barely clinging onto life, she had made a promise to him.

Petra: [If you want to eat me, I'll give you a <u>chance</u>.]

Of course, this was a promise she would break without remorse if he had not been willing to keep it.

Petra, corrupted by Natsuki Subaru, became a loathsome person who would not hesitate to break a promise to a person she disliked.

Moreover, in the unlikely event that it were to come to pass, she had secured a reliable ally.

Petra: [Rem-neesama is amazing.]

With sincerity, and with the bias from the heavy influence of Natsuki Subaru set aside, she believed this.

Rem figured out Subaru's Return by Death―― though at first she thought it was “Turning Back Time“, and even if the trigger was Old Man Rom figuring out the true nature of Al's Authority, she had still pieced it together on her own.

On her own, Rem had realized that Natsuki Subaru had continued to struggle, sacrificing his life. ――Though she had been happy at the thought, she also felt devastated.

Petra: [But, that's why I can entrust it to you… No, this is something I can entrust only to you, Rem-neesama.]

She had resolved that no matter how many wondrous things happened along the way, that no matter how many feelings she gained that were impossible to let go of, Petra Leyte would rewrite it all and turn it into nothing.

Without any doubts, even Rem, who had at long last regained her Name and Memories, thus truly returning to them all, would be erased and disappear.

Petra, who knew what it was she was willing to do, had an obligation to involve Rem.

They were kindred souls that knew they were going to be erased, who in spite of this, as fellow women, wished only that their most beloved would not suffer a single defeat.

Only someone who believed that this was the only way, who was willing to sacrifice everything for love, could be entrusted with this.

She could never entrust such a terrible thing to someone who, if they believe there might be a better answer out there, would relentlessly search for it until the very last moment.

That was why Petra and Rem were the ones who carried this out.

Petra: [Subaru, Emilia-neesama, I know you must be so tired. I’m sorry. But I’m going to wind up being a burden too. I’m sorry. All the thanks I’d wanted to say could never be enough…]

Thank you, thank you in the truest sense of the word, that is what she wished to convey.

As Petra Leyte knew everything, having read the Book of the Dead, she wanted to support Emilia, who walked the thorny path ahead, and Natsuki Subaru, who chose to work himself ragged to support her.

That was not true. No matter how hard she tried, Petra Leyte would go back to being a mere ignorant village girl. 

It was frustrating, it was sad, no matter how many sorry’s and thank you’s she uttered, it would not be enough.

Even so――,

Petra: […Did I do everything I could?]

Given the constraints on her circumstances, she believed she had done her absolute best.

Al had prepared an all-star lineup to ensure he would not lose, and here she was, using trial and error to outmaneuver it all with her single chance. There were limits to how unfair it could be.

But she had done it. She pulled it off. Though she had been a little shaken when Otto, who had no memories, joined the fray midway, but everything, every single bit, had been thanks to everyone joining together.

Petra: [Hehe, I’m pretty amazing, aren’t I? Think you’re going to fall for me now?]

???: [――. Yeah. Seems like I might.]

With a slight head tilt, she greeted him with the cutest face she could put together.

At Petra's adorable expression and question, the Imaginary Subaru blushed shyly. Was this just something Petra wanted him to say? Or was it genuine enough that he would actually say it?

Petra: [Well, since I’m about to disappear, I might as well interpret it in the way that is most convenient for me.]

She gently reached out, placing her hand over his untouchable one, intertwining their fingers. A phantom perk to this degree, could surely be forgiven. She had worked so hard after all.

"Subaru": [By the way, can I ask you something? I mean, it’s kind of weird for me to be asking, considering my position.]

Petra: [Hmm? What is it?]

“Subaru”: [Right before Clind-san gave you the Witch Factor, you paid some sorta price for the transfer… but you never told me about it, right? I've been wondering what it was.]

Petra: [Since I didn't tell you, why not just leave it at that?]

"Subaru": [That's too cruel!]

His pathetic expression was cute as well, so Petra let out a small chuckle.

But as expected, imaginary or not, Subaru was still Subaru. Even if he had just been a resident of her mind, he would not take liberties with what Petra had hid, those things which she did not wish him to see or know.

Relieved by that, Petra stuck out her tongue in a playful manner and,

Petra: [It’s~a~secret!]

That made the Imaginary Subaru have a sullen look, but Petra wanted to keep it a secret.

It should be fine to have one maiden's secret that she would not show even to the Imaginary Subaru. And besides, this particular maiden's secret had just a touch of girlish cunning.

Back then, Petra had offered Clind a certain possibility of hers as compensation.

That was――,

Petra: [――The possibility of me becoming Subaru’s bride.]

The surprise on Clind's face when he learned of Petra's idea had been truly remarkable.

Clind, who apparently bore the heavy burden of history as a dragonkin, had gazed at Petra as she devotedly offered her potential. His deeply moved reaction had been unforgettable.

That was precisely why she felt so regretful. ――Because with that compensation, Petra had become certain.

Petra: [If I could offer it up as compensation, then there is a real possibility of that future for me.]

Considering the abilities of the Witch Factor of Tristitia, it would be more accurate to say that Petra had offered up her influence over the world, specifically, the various efforts she would have made in order to secure a future where she would marry Subaru.

But, such details meant nothing to Petra at that moment.

What mattered to Petra Leyte was to believe in a future where she would become Natsuki Subaru's bride.

And that was proven by none other than the Witch Factor, which touches the very essence of the world.

Because she had that certainty, she had been determined to see it through and made it all the way to the very end.

That was why――,

Petra: [Do your best, me. ――Whether I can seize this <u>chance</u> depends entirely on how hard I try!]

That was the cheer from a village girl who became the Witch of Tristitia and used the Witch Factor for the sake of her own happiness, for her future self, who would never become the Witch of Tristitia.

――That was the heavy-hearted cheer of love from a tough and determined girl from another world.
