――Harbored by Aldebaran upon his homecoming to the Castle of Dreams, were emotions
beyond any description.

A sight he knew, an aroma he knew, a soundscape he knew, a warmth he knew.

Welcomed by the familiar everblue sky and verdant plains, by the familiar sound of wind that
carried with it the fragrance of grass, and by the familiar warmth of the rays of sunlight,
Aldebaran stood frozen amidst a scenery of which he knew every last detail. ――That instant,
color was vibrantly breathed into the faded and clouded picture within his mind, shining with a
brand new radiance.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Unmistakably, this was the Castle of Dreams of which Aldebaran had dreamed.
Through the months an years long passed, he had doubted the veracity of its existence. At the
sensation of it slipping away, he had even doubted his own sanity. Even so, permeated through
every last bit of the flesh and blood that made up Aldebaran, as the school of his soul that he
could by no means ever forget, that Castle of Dreams had continued to persist beyond.

――Spanning across years numbered both ten and four-hundred, Aldebaran had arrived home
to that place.

???: [――――]

Atop the hill, underneath a white parasol, he could see a slender, supple silhouette standing still.
Black and white, the beautiful woman made up of naught but those two colors, was looking
down upon Aldebaran at the foot of the hill.

Meeting her black eyes, the moment her beauty, evident even at a distance, scorched his retinas,
Aldebaran was convinced that this was the Witch who had scorched him to the point of believing
in his own irrationality.

For Aldebaran, this was a being who gave rise to countless indescribable emotions within him.

Aldebaran: [――Teacher.]

Real. She was real. Here. She was really here. Existed. She had certainly existed here.
The Witch, the Castle of Dreams, Aldebaran’s past: none of them were delusions made up by
Aldebaran, unable to find a place in the world of the sane.

Aldebaran: [Teacher… hk.]

There were so many things he wished to say to her. There were countless things he wished to tell
her.

The words he wished to exchange with her, numbered far greater than the stars in the night sky.
Only, above all else, Aldebaran had wished to share his feelings with the Witch, his feelings of
having survived, and finally reuniting with her after many, many long years.
With those impatient feelings in his chest, Aldebaran hastened towards the Witch atop the
hill――,

Witch: [――Aldebaran.]

The leg with which he was about to step forth, was halted by that call.

The voice of the Witch he had continued to desire, to long for, to year for, was one filled to the
brim with emotion―― such was not the case. Aldebaran’s leg had ceased for a different reason
entirely.

The coldness of that voice, of Witch’s gaze as it fell upon him, its sharpness, had caused him to
freeze.

Aldebaran: [T-Teacher?]

Dominated by unease, Aldebaran halted his step as the Witch gazed upon him in silence.
She was ever eager to learn, a bundle of curiosity, the very incarnation of a thirst for knowledge.
But, that which currently dwelled in the Witch’s black gaze, was decidedly different from that of
the Witch whom Aldebaran had known.

With a form Aldebaran knew, with a voice Aldebaran knew, she ought to have been the Witch
Aldebaran knew, and yet, her very nature was decidedly different.

The reason for that, that cause, the truth was――,

Witch: [――The Witch of Greed.]

In response to the misgivings and anxieties Aldebaran held, that was the Witch’s answer.

Aldebaran: [――Ah.]

As the Witch spoke that and not a word more, her black eyes emotionlessly gazed over
Aldebaran as if testing to see how he might respond, just as though he were some sort of lab rat.
He understood. He intuitively felt it. ――He was convinced.
The woman before his eyes, was certainly the very Witch who had spent the same time alongside
Aldebaran. And in a sense, that Witch had ended up being lost to eternity.
She had become compatible. The Witch had become compatible.

It required selfishness, yet no matter how much she yearned for it, she had never been able to
make it her own, the qualification to become complete as a Witch in the truest sense―― she had
become compatible with the Witch Factor.

The Witch had been reduced. ――Reduced from the one who guided Aldebaran, to the Witch of
Greed.

Aldebaran had been defeated in the battle he could not afford to lose, and as compensation for
that, the Witch had been placed on the verge of death.
On that boundary of death, after parting ways with Aldebaran, the Witch had been chosen.

――In exchange for her sincere love, she had been chosen by the qualification to become
inhuman, thereby gaining the power needed to grant her wishes.

Witch of Greed: [――Why, must love fade?]

He did not know. The answer to the question that the Witch of Greed had voiced, Aldebaran did
not know.

Only, there was one thing that he knew for certain.

Aldebaran: [Teacher… no, Witch of Greed, Echidna.]

Witch of Greed: [――――]

Aldebaran: [I, no matter what―― will definitely kill you.]

――Aldebaran had lost everything. Everything, save for his life.
